Fix issue with Makefile commands and add CI flows for testing and publishing website changes (#142)
rook/rook.github.io: README.md

# Publish

> Simply commit your changes and do a git push, the CI will do the reset that is need to get the changes build and pushed to the `gh-pages` branch.

Reviewer: A PR is necessary, right? :) 
```suggestion
Simply open a PR and have it merged by a maintainer. The CI will do the rest that is needed to build the changes and push to the `gh-pages` branch.
```

> To manually publish changes, this assumes you have full write access to the repository, run  `make publish`.

Reviewer: We don't need to document the manual publish, right? If someone wants to see the implementation they can look at the CI workflow.
```suggestion
```
